Modify TiFlash's troubleshooting procedure to adapt current version (#12269)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/troubleshoot-tiflash.md

    - If there is output, go to the next step.
    - If there is no output, run the `SELECT * FROM information_schema.tiflash_replica` command to check whether TiFlash replicas have been created. If not, run the `ALTER table ${tbl_name} set tiflash replica ${num}` command again, check whether other statements (for example, `add index`) have been executed, or check whether DDL executions are successful.

2. Check whether TiFlash Region replication runs correctly.

   Check whether there is any change in `progress`:

   - If yes, TiFlash replication runs correctly.

>    - If no, TiFlash replication is abnormal. In `tidb.log`, search the log saying `Tiflash replica is not available`. Check whether `progress` of the corresponding table is updated. If not, check the `tiflash` log for further information.

Author: ```suggestion
   - If no, TiFlash replication is abnormal. In `tidb.log`, search the log saying `Tiflash replica is not available`. Check whether `progress` of the corresponding table is updated. If not, search `lag_region_id` in `tiflash log`.
```

Author: @hehechen PTAL

>    - If no, TiFlash replication is abnormal. In `tidb.log`, search the log saying `Tiflash replica is not available`. Check whether `region have` of the corresponding table is updated. If not, Check the `tiflash` log for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If no, TiFlash replication is abnormal. In `tidb.log`, search the log saying `Tiflash replica is not available`. Check whether `region have` of the corresponding table is updated. If not, check the `tiflash` log for further information.
```

>    - If no, TiFlash replication is abnormal. In `tidb.log`, search the log saying `Tiflash replica is not available`. Check whether `region have` of the corresponding table is updated. If not, check the `tiflash` log for further information.

Reviewer 2: The `region have` has been changed into `progress` in master.

Author: I will create a PR to update the Chinese.

Author: https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/13101

>    - If no, TiFlash replication is abnormal. In `tidb.log`, search the log saying `Tiflash replica is not available`. Check whether `region have` of the corresponding table is updated. If not, check the `tiflash` log for further information.

Reviewer 3: Can search `lag_region_id` in `tiflash` log.

        }' <http://172.16.x.xxx:2379/pd/api/v1/config/rule>
    ```

> 5. Check whether TiDB has created `placement-rule` for tables.

Reviewer 2: I think it may be better that 5's `placement-rule` and 6's `TiFlash placement rules` shared the same format.

Author: Fixed in 63a4d09

    Search the logs of TiDB DDL Owner and check whether TiDB has notified PD to add `placement-rule`. For non-partitioned tables, search `ConfigureTiFlashPDForTable`. For partitioned tables, search `ConfigureTiFlashPDForPartitions`.

    - If the keyword is found, go to the next step.
    - If not, collect logs of the corresponding component for troubleshooting.

6. Check whether PD has configured `placement-rule` for tables.

>     Run the `curl http://<pd-ip>:<pd-port>/pd/api/v1/config/rules/group/tiflash` command to view  all TiFlash placement rules on the current PD. If a rule with the ID being `table-<table_id>-r` is found, the PD has configured a placement rule successfully.

Reviewer 2: Duplicate spaces

Author: Do you mean the spaces before this sentence? This is by design and is correct in markdown format:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89768198/220050900-69384de1-48c4-45ee-9985-4318ec39cb75.png)

    - If the disk usage ratio is greater than or equal to the value of `low-space-ratio`, the disk space is insufficient. To relieve the disk space, remove unnecessary files, such as `space_placeholder_file` (if necessary, set `reserve-space` to 0MB after removing the file) under the `${data}/flash/` folder.
    - If the disk usage ratio is less than the value of `low-space-ratio`, the disk space is sufficient. Go to the next step.

2. Check whether there is any `down peer` (a `down peer` might cause the replication to get stuck).

    Run the `pd-ctl region check-down-peer` command to check whether there is any `down peer`. If any, run the `pd-ctl operator add remove-peer <region-id> <tiflash-store-id>` command to remove it.

> 

Reviewer: L213 和 L214 在中文版中也删掉了。这篇文档里要删掉吗？

Author: Thanks. Fixed in [7e84a71](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/pull/12269/commits/7e84a71cc851a1efa0ccfb2e8fc543f205bb17db)
